>> Sean Larkin: But okay.
So why don't we actually bundle
this code again in production
really quick before we take a break?
And,
>> Sean Larkin: So build it for
production.
We'll add a web pack config and
set the mode to none and
we can understand how the runtime works.
But let's just do mpm run prod
>> Sean Larkin: Let's see what happens.
Okay.
So, of course,
it's a small amount of code, I mean,
probably the output is still a little bit
larger than what we've actually written.
But, I want you to search for
the strings red and blue.
>> Sean Larkin: Do you see the red or
blue string in there?
No, you don't.
This is what is called dead code
elimination or tree shaking.
It's the fact that Webpack is using
statically the syntax to
identify what am I using?
Think about this impact
in terms of lodash.
If you're using only one lodash function,
you should only be bundling one function,
right?
That's super important.
So let's actually take a look and
understand how this is working.
We get what it's doing,
but I think it's really valuable
to actually break this down.
So for the first time, well,
here, I'm gonna actually stop.
I'm gonna save a new branch.
Cuz I think I deviated just a little
bit from what the branching is.
So I'm just gonna do
a new branch checkout.
So, git checkout -b
feature/031-all-module-types.
And we'll check that out.
Get add all, get command, let's see.
Cool.
M, 031 all module types.
Yay!
So now if you are lost or you guys
felt like you are missing a point,
at any time you can just go ahead and jump
into this branch 03 run all module types.
Okay, so why don't we go ahead and
add our first web pack configuration?
And don't worry.
But like when you think
about it out of the box.
If like all you're trying to
do is just build JavaScript.
Like let's say you don't wanna handle CSS.
You don't wanna handle html.
This is the only tool you need.
Cuz literally as long as
you are writing modules,
you can have,
that can be web pack's core purpose.
That is its purpose as
a core library itself.
Now of course we have all these other
things and the ecosystem enriches it and
makes it.
Cuz you might ask the question.
I wish I could also have incremental
recompiling on my styles and
why can't it be tied to
modules if those change.
There are dependencies.
And so that's kind of where
loaders were born, but
let's add a web pack configuration.
And so by default, web pack, when it runs,
all it's doing since it's node,
it just doesn't require,
relative to the local
path webpack.config.js.
That's all it's doing, it's just requiring
this file or it attempts to try to.
So go ahead and create that.
And what we can do now is, we're gonna
create a object that is default exported.
So maybe now that you hear that you're
like, I get that okay, modular exports
equals an object, okay?
Half way there, half way there.
Okay, so of course does this
break anything if I run Webpack?
Like I don't know.
Nope, because web pack applies its
defaults after it requires the config.
So all this does is allow you to
override any of the default behavior.
So in this case we wanna add mode,
and set it to none.
That's all we're doing.
We just wanna explore the outputting code.
And so this will just say, webpack,
bundle it but don't wrap it in evals.
Don't do anything crazy.
Just do what the default behavior is.
And so now if we run, let's see, yarn,
I bet, let's go back to, let's go back.
So we have just webpack webpack.
We should just run it without
passing any args to it.
So let's just say mpm and webpack.
Okay, cool, it still builds,
does everything I expect